Fix Data Grid crashing when a user scrolls to the bottom and navigates to the last page (#2171)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: .changeset/kind-humans-explode.md

---
"@salt-ds/data-grid": patch
---

> Fixed the Data Grid crashing when a user scrolls to the bottom and navigates to the last page

Reviewer: should pagination be mentioned somewhere here?

Reviewer 2: It's sort of inferred when it says "navigates to the last page". You could add "using the pagination" at the end I guess to make it clearer.

> Fixed the Data Grid crashing when a user scrolls to the bottom and navigates to the last page

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixed the Data Grid crashing when a user scrolls to the bottom and uses the pagination to navigate to the last page.
```

---
"@salt-ds/data-grid": patch
---

bug - error due to scrollTop not resetting on each pagination causing start > end when passed into NumberValue

> fix - guard to return an empty NumberValue when start > end preventing an error when scrollTop doesn't reset

Reviewer 3: something like this is best for consumers

> fix - guard to return an empty NumberValue when start > end preventing an error when scrollTop doesn't reset

Author: does a changeset not also help to provide visibility to developers without them needing to dig into the code ?

> fix - guard to return an empty NumberValue when start > end preventing an error when scrollTop doesn't reset

Reviewer 3: hmm, I think the general user wouldnt care how it was fixed just that it is fixed, and if they do then would probably dig into it

> bug - error due to scrollTop not resetting on each pagination causing start > end when passed into NumberValue
> fix - guard to return an empty NumberValue when start > end preventing an error when scrollTop doesn't reset

Reviewer 2: The changeset is meant to explain to a consumer what has changed and how it would impact them. For this change I would probably stick with:

```suggestion
Fixed the Data Grid crashing when a user scrolls to the bottom and navigates to the last page
```
